if I asked you who the biggest buyer of
stocks has been since 2009 would you be
able to tell me well that buyer is
buying a trillion in 2024 and a trillion
in
2025 what is the impact here we are
going to discuss that today you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we're going to
look at number one the biggest buyer of
stocks and what they're planning on
doing this year and next year and at the
same time we have institutional clients
selling and this has been something that
could potentially balance each other out
or cause a Cascade of problems let's
begin with this stock BuyBacks to
surpass $1 trillion by 2025 according to
Goldman sack this is important to note
because the stock BuyBacks imagine this
companies buying their own shares has
been the number one buyer of stocks
since 2009 they do this of course to
send their stock higher if they buy back
shares they could push the price up who
benefits the most from this well Warren
Buffett will tell you that the
shareholder benefits tremendously as a
result but it's true that the Insiders
are the ones that get to reap the
rewards of this more than anything else
and of course that's what this is really
all about you could see here that they
project $925 billion in share BuyBacks
from S&P 500 companies throughout 2024
that figure is poised to surpass the1
trillion Mark in
2025 look we've been here before we've
seen a large number of share BuyBacks
going on over the last several years
it's nothing new that these companies
are buying a lot of stock all right now
of course you've got the Magnificent 7
that they talk about that are aiming
that have actually said we want to make
sure that we buy this amount uh you know
they basically say okay we're going to
buy $50 billion worth we're going to buy
$100 billion worth they they list that
all out and they make that known and as
a result of this it is predictable where
the stock will end up as a result unless
there are other factors that go on in
the event that the markets are going to
move down considerably let's say it's a
financial crisis stocks are selling off
they will not necessarily do that but at
this time they're buying more more and
more and more and as this happens we
look at The Insider buying and selling
and what do they do well they are able
to cash out as the stock hits certain
levels and that happens from we see it
you know all over but the director level
and higher okay we can get that
information from the form four that
comes out we see that and it's all
public and we know that this is the case
so they are buying mass quantities of
their own stocks and that that pushes up
the price there's no question about that
however if everybody else starts to sell
well then we have a problem and actually
some have started to get rid of some of
those shares as we have moved into the
bubble territory for so many we continue
to see institutional clients sell
pockets of crowded Tech this is just
looking at magnificent 7 um showing you
they rotating into cyclicals mostly
concentrated in Industrials and rats
trickling into Finance it's a very
healthy signal that demand is broadening
this is Goldman Sachs all right and if
you've been on this channel for a while
or you are part of my finance Friday
group the live sessions that we have
what have I said it's that the
valuations of these High Flyers you know
the AI stocks all that trendy stuff had
gone way way farther than it should now
there are a few things that could happen
we could see them kind of level off at
this point it could go bubble and just
go straight up into the stratosphere and
who knows what happens when it gets up
there or we could see other stocks that
start to come up in line with those
other hide Flyers that would be a
positive thing the alternative here is
that we get a major correction or you
know correction let's say 10% uh but not
surpassing 20 20% the chances of a 20%
correction in the broad markets 20% into
a bare Market uh right now at this time
is very very low I have said that over
and over again so what I want to make
clear here is that the broadening so
we're getting breadth the word you need
to look for is breadth and that if
that's true if this is the case over the
next several weeks if the breath
improves that is a
sign of a healthy stock market if it
goes the other way and simply you know
the nvidias and the you know all these
Highline stocks simply just get more and
more attention over time very unhealthy
and that does you know have some
problems uh over the next little while
historically
anyway Bitcoin reminded investors that
sentiment can change on dime after
rising 7.2% from March 9th to
73,000 on March 13th okay but then it
fell 9% in less than 3 Days To 66,000
and change but still up 57% for the Year
this is an example of what I always talk
about the finance Friday group um saying
how Bitcoin is a very good example of a
leading indicator when I see what
happens with Bitcoin usually you have
like the tech sector uh you know you
look at NASDAQ generally and then the
stock market as you know after that um
that's the way it goes it is the lead
because that's where risk moves first I
find when we were down at 16,000 when we
were down at that 20,000 range for
Bitcoin nobody wanted to touch it there
was nothing but bad articles being
written about it and once I saw that
start to move up to let's say that 20
and then it'll go into 30,000 I knew
that the risk appetite for people was
starting to improve that was a sign that
even though interest rates are High the
risk appetite is there I am not saying
that Bitcoin is bad in any way I'm not
I'm not talking about that okay so get
get it straight okay what I'm saying is
how it is associated with risk looking
at the Magnificent 7 you could see that
um just comparing it Nvidia is that one
at the top by the way going wild and
crazy um but you could see that it's
it's been very different all right
depending on which of these stocks
you're looking at so this is normalized
as of December 31st to see how it is
performed uh this year at this time at
least so far and there has been some
clear winners like Nvidia going
absolutely crazy but some of them have
not uh performed as well okay at least
when we compare these so um just
understanding that there has been you
know just saying Magnificent Seven that
over the last couple months that has
really changed okay um I guess they have
to change the name first it was the Fang
stocks and remember all that I mean it's
going crazy now so magnificent 7 we'll
see what they come up with next tech
stocks let out of the rally ease fears a
bubble is building money losing tech
companies that surged in 2020 fall this
year shows investor focus on profits and
shift from previous Booms that is
actually a very good thing all right we
want to see that we don't want to see
these companies that have no earnings no
future potential there's nothing about
them and it's just like hey let's let's
all jump in the
Blockbuster you know remember that
company Blockbuster yeah okay you might
have gotten your VHS and your DVDs from
there that company has a stock which is
associated with the whole bankruptcy of
that company that stock is still there
it's basically
nothing that was going crazy during the
2020 boom okay that tells us that there
was crazy Insanity nfts pictures of
monkeys and all that stuff that's not
normal let's be clear that's not normal
that's what happened luckily we're not
seeing as much of that now that's a good
sign let's celebrate that at least but
understand that where there is a bubble
you got to watch out danger down below
because it doesn't matter how good the
company is doing there are going to be
big investors that say I'm good I made
my money I made 5x on my money I'm out
and they're going to sell or at least
sell a large percentage of their
position even if they think there's
still more upside potential you can't
think like a retail investor you got to
think like somebody with billions of
dollars moving it in and out tsmc Bulls
ignore Buffett's warning for bet on the
coming AI age the chipmaker Diversified
operation bases to alleviate the risk
tsmc check this out makes 90% advanced
semiconductors used for AI processors
they are
instrumental in what's going on with AI
and so this is the one company that
we've got to you know keep an eye on for
many different reasons and they're
involved in you know all of the back and
forth between China and the US like
there's really there and that's what
Buffett was warning about saying hey
they are right in the middle of this
this is a big concern flashing red
Sirens everything going off so they sold
off their position at birkshire others
are saying I'm going to buy in because
AI is the latest and greatest all right
and this is ultimately the most
important factor beyond anything else it
is what the central banks are doing and
at this time they are doing quantitative
tightening but the expectation here has
always been that they will never
normalize their balance sheets they will
never get it back to where it was before
even close at the same time the debt and
the deficits produced by government will
never get to anywhere near normal and so
the expectation is that we are still
going to be always in a state of easing
whether it's a lot of easing or whether
it's uh you know just somewhat easy they
can never get to a tight environment
they they were there for a couple months
but generally uh broad Financial
conditions have eased significantly
since then and just a little bit of
humor to finish off today's video well I
guess it's not really that funny hidden
cameras capture Bank employees
misleading customers pushing products
that help sales targets they don't care
so understand when we look at all of
this information that you see everything
some some Goldman Sachs person some
YouTuber whatever they all have an
agenda and they're all pushing it on you
they have a reason to say certain things
they're selling you something
they're trying to push something on you
just be aware of that okay I want to do
my best to help everybody I can I've
been doing this for 13 years it doesn't
matter what the views are the views are
like what I was getting back in like
2014 I'm still making videos you see
that I want you to get the best possible
information that you can I have that
available to you it's called compass
compass is free there is no pay wall
there is no email there's nothing you go
to Compass you get the financial
education you need it's so simple I
broke it up into these super short
videos 20 minutes long and you got the
nice base of financial information
nobody else is doing this nobody there's
not like an upsell where you go in there
and it's like yeah it's actually just
nothing and it upsells you into some
garbage no go to the money gps.com get
Compass maybe you already know so send
it to your friends your family there are
no links to my YouTube channel no
nothing I did it on purpose so you can
just say like hey you want some
Financial education check this out
nothing about the Federal Reserve
nothing none of that okay I know you
might know it but there are other people
out there who don't Compass is the thing
that's going to help them out the money
gps.com and you can go to the compass
link right there this is what you need
to know I hope that you will get that if
you don't already have it totally free
right on the website I appreciate that
hit that thumbs up if you're appreciate
my information here and of course as
always make sure that you go to find the
money GPS tomorrow because it might not
come up in your feed I want to see you
back here take care